>> Jon Kuperman: So, yeah,
Exercise 5 is Live Regions.
This one's a little bit JavaScript-y, but
don't worry too much about, it doesn't
need to be perfect, the JavaScript logic
cuz it has to do with numbers or whatever.
But basically,
we kinda wanna do two things here.
I'm gonna go over to my example.
So we've got this ARIA example.
Okay, so what we wanna do is we have
this number 0 in the little box.
And we want, first of all, the buttons to
work, so like let's say as you increment
and decrement them, they go up by one or
five, or ten, something like that.
So from 0 it go like 10,
20, well, dictionary.
And then back down to ten or
something like that.
So first we wanna implement that working,
and
then what we really wanna do is then we
wanna add a ARIA live region to this, and
play around with your screen reader
between polite and assertive.
So not only is the number changing here,
but it's actually getting announced in.
And you can play with things like labels
the new value, or just announcing
the number, 10, 20, 30 and kinda seeing
those different experiences there.
So, we'll take like a ten
minute break to do these, and
then I'll cover them all together.
And I think they're in the answers branch
too if you wanna move ahead on it.
But basically the idea of getting to
really play with the ARIA live regions,
and seeing how you're listening to
something, and how it comes in.